hello guys your favorite Russian
youtuber here and we're gonna talk about
Russia today I'm going to share some
Russian habits that we should totally
adapt and I will share some fun facts
about Russia that I found really really
cool so if you're interested and if
you're about to travel to Russia please
continue watching this video
even if you are not traveling to Russia
in the nearest future
I think these habits are the most
amazing ones in the world first habit is
bringing a gift when you go and visit
somebody
whenever visit my friends here in the
States I would always bring some sweets
or maybe a bottle of kombucha but at
least something this in Russia would not
visit a friends with empty hands this is
just a bad thing to do and the most
surprising thing here for me was when I
came to my friend's birthday party and I
was the only one to bring a present I
was so surprised that everyone came
empty-handed I think it's a really cool
thing to bring a gift second thing when
you're visiting a Russian prepare to
arrive hungry who else is coming is it
just me and you yeah
[Music]
because even if we invite you for a cup
of tea we're gonna offer you cookies
we're gonna offer you some sandwiches or
maybe throw a big dinner
make sure you're up hungry because if
you do not eat what we offer it's
considered rude and impolite habit
number three learn how to drink
I personally stopped drinking alcohol
two years ago but it's still a big thing
in Russia but when we drink in a big
company we would not just drink we would
come up with a speech where we would say
something and learn something from the
speech and then we would drink to the
conclusion so for example I said let's
be happy through the lies let's drink to
being happy we never actually say no
serabian that's not over yet I don't
know where this came from but all of the
foreigners come to Russia when they
drink they say no stop it
we never say that we only say that when
we were with foreigners because
everybody says that but when you're in a
Russian company you wouldn't say
necessarily well Nacirema is translated
as drinking to health and it's actually
unhealthy to drink when we say so number
four my personal favorites
dress to impress you wouldn't believe
but when it was 21 years old I would
wear high heels every day because
otherwise I would think that I'm
underdressed and I wouldn't just go out
and do my grocery without wearing heels
this was super funny then when I turned
20 to 23 I realized this doesn't
actually matter a lot of Russian girls
even when it's minus 30 outside when
it's snowing they would wear short
skirts and high heels and they would
actually dress your breasts but this is
why because women in Russia put so much
effort into looking young into looking
beautiful
you would never call a 50 year old woman
a woman you would call her Devesh cup
which is a young girl yes please please
keep that in mind
- number 5 we do not really whistle in
Russia because whistling is considered
rude this is the first reason and second
some people think that whistling
actually attracts bad lot if you whistle
you will
lose some money later habit number six I
used to hate it but now I realized it's
actually a clever one it's sitting down
and keeping silent for a moment before
you travel again to attract good luck
but actually you can use this moment to
go through the list of things that you
should have taken with you like your
passport your tickets I don't know your
toothbrush normally I would remember
that I've forgotten my toothbrush I
think it's a good habit before you head
out to the airport you sit down keep
something for a moment and you think
about things that you should have taken
with you number seven is a fun fact
and I think Russian kids are super cool
because they go to school when it's
minus 50 outside I'm gonna calculate
what's that in Fahrenheit and I'm gonna
write it here they go to school when
it's minus 50 I was in st. Petersburg
when we had the coldest winter we had
like minus 35 they allowed us to skip
school but still when it came to the
class we have like almost half of a
class actually at school so yeah we're
tough tough Russian kids number eight we
wash hands first thing when we come back
home from the street I could've really
imagined not washing my hands because
sometimes I wash them and they see dirt
coming from my hands and it's all
viruses you know it's all unhealthy so
this is what I do all the time wash my
hands with soap number nine in Russia
you would never give somebody an even
number of flowers because you would only
bring even number of flowers to the
funerals so if you're buying a bouquet
make sure you have an uneven number of
flowers
number ten there are more than 200
theaters in Moscow alone and they love
how cultural Russia is and this is
something you really miss in San
Francisco in San Francisco we have the
Oprah house we have a couple of theaters
but in Russia you have dozens of shows
running every night and everybody goes
to the theater like once a month you
would go and see a show at least my
parents would do that and I think this
is a really cool habit and
makes Russia a very cultural number 11
maternity leave in Russia is three years
officially you can stay home with the
child for three years I know that
America it's like a week or two and then
you have to go back to work
but in Russia three years everywhere and
you get paid from the government and
from your previous employer for me
actually your current employer who has
to pay you while you're on a maternity
leave and the last but not least Russia
has the most beautiful underground in
the whole world
and actually seen Petersburg I guess one
of the deepest underground in the world
because we have a river and then
underground is actually below the river
and they managed to create masterpieces
on the stations as you can see columns
you can see gold you can see different
pictures and if you're in Russia this is
a must visit just go down the stations
and you were not allowed to take
pictures there but just embrace that
beauty thank you guys so much for
watching this video please let me know
if some of the habits or some of the
facts that I've named are common for
your country as well please let me know
that and comment below and let me know
if you're going to Russia and this is
amazing if you're traveling to my
country do not forget to subscribe to my
channel because I will release more
videos about Russia and about Russian
culture I'll see you soon bye
[Music]